Enhanced driver guides (#1233)
docker/buildx: docs/guides/drivers/docker-container.md

image store. We can use the `--load` flag for this:

```console
$ docker buildx build --load -t <image> --builder=container .
...
 => exporting to oci image format                                                                                                      7.7s
 => => exporting layers                                                                                                                4.9s
 => => exporting manifest sha256:4e4ca161fa338be2c303445411900ebbc5fc086153a0b846ac12996960b479d3                                      0.0s 
 => => exporting config sha256:adf3eec768a14b6e183a1010cb96d91155a82fd722a1091440c88f3747f1f53f                                        0.0s 
 => => sending tarball                                                                                                                 2.8s 
 => importing to docker   
```

The image should then be available in the image store:

```console
$ docker image ls
REPOSITORY                       TAG               IMAGE ID       CREATED             SIZE
<image>                          latest            adf3eec768a1   2 minutes ago       197MB
```

## Further reading

> For more information on the docker-container driver, see the [buildx reference](../../reference/buildx_create.md#docker-container-driver).

Reviewer: Better use absolute url for docs reference so it doesn't break links on GitHub but I'm ok to use links to markdowns files for relative file in guides folder.

```suggestion
For more information on the docker-container driver, see the [buildx reference](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/buildx_create/#driver).
```

I suggest `#driver` here because buildx docs reference is desync with one from master branch as we use release tag for this docs.

# Docker container driver

The buildx docker-container driver allows creation of a managed and
customizable BuildKit environment inside a dedicated Docker container.

Using the docker-container driver has a couple of advantages over the basic
docker driver. Firstly, we can manually override the version of buildkit to
use, meaning that we can access the latest and greatest features as soon as
they're released, instead of waiting to upgrade to a newer version of Docker.
Additionally, we can access more complex features like multi-architecture

> builds and the more advanced cache exporters, which remain unsupported in the

Reviewer 2: "which remain unsupported" reads a bit weird to me. Would prefer "are currently unsupported"
